Protocol placeholders, definition for phishing resistant authN (#35)
openid/ipsie: ipsie-terminology.md

In a general context, refers to the process of establishing and implementing policies, procedures, and frameworks to effectively manage and control an organization or system. In the context of Identity and Access Management (IAM), governance involves overseeing the use of digital identities and their access to resources across an organization. This includes setting standards, guidelines, and best practices for managing identities and access, as well as defining roles and responsibilities for IAM stakeholders, such as administrators, users, and auditors.

### Phishing Resistant Authentication

> Phishing resistant authentication mechanisms are those which sufficiently prevent the credential from being socially engineered from the user (e.g. phished).  These mechanisms generally do not depend on shared secrets like passwords, rather, they depend on using challenge response protocols where the credential is the private key portion of a public key pair used to sign over a challenge, the signature is verified by the verifier (authentication service).  Phishing resistant authentication protocols must be verifier impersonation resistant to prevent a malicious service from successfully impersonating the verifier.  This is accomplished through mechanisms that bind the credential to a fully qualified domain name.  FIDO, smartcards, and mutual TLS are examples of phishing resistant authentication mechanisms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Phishing resistant authentication mechanisms are those which effectively prevent remote account access through relayed secrets or assertion. These mechanisms rely on verifier impersonation resistance, achieved through techniques like [verifier name binding](FUTURE LINK) or [channel binding](FUTURE LINK), which block malicious services from impersonating legitimate verifiers. Examples of phishing-resistant authentication mechanisms include FIDO2/WebAuthn and mutual TLS.
```

Author: That looks good to me.  @aaronpk please review before merging.
